---
title: Mission Statement
layout: home
---

**@shoots.green** exists to uplift and support endeavours that make Bluesky a
better place, especially for 2SLGBTQIA+ users.

Fully funded through ad revenue generated by
[@aendra.com](https://bsky.app/profile/aendra.com)'s feeds on
[Graze](https://www.graze.social), @shoots.green intends to eventually provide
sustainable support for community endeavours.

### How _@shoots.green_ is funded

@shoots.green is not a non-profit or a charity; it doesn't take donations.

Rather, a portion of ad revenue from custom feed projects on Bluesky are
earmarked for trust purposes. I'm still deciding the best model for it, but I'm
currently thinking of fortnightly or monthly payouts, either £1000 or 1/3 of
earnings, whichever is greater (My feeling is that campaigns will require
greater time involvement and day-to-day management after they're making over
£1000 per month, and I'd love to eventually be able to pay someone to handle
that for me).

### Who/what will _@shoots.green_ fund?

The organisations that @shoots.green funds are near and dear to my heart, and I
see them doing exceptional work towards making Bluesky a better, more vibrant,
safer place to exist in as a member of the 2SLGBTQIA+ community. Primarily, I
seek to focus on helping fund:

- Community resilience infrastructure
- Moderation and community safety tools
- Mental health support
- Queer independent media orgs
- 2SLGBTQIA+ historical preservation and other educational initiatives

These may either be recurring or one-off donations, dependent upon how quickly
ad revenue builds. There may come a time when I organise a funding board to help
me make these decisions, but for the moment it's completely ad-hoc and on a "if
it feels right" basis.
